the Israeli Jets targeted the hamama
school in the shik radwan neighborhood
where thousands of internally displaced
Palestinians have taken Refuge it was
directly targeted as you can see none of
the people who were present are military
or from the government they are all
women and
children while we were documenting the
massacre inside the school the displaced
people received calls from the Israeli
military ordering them to evacuate the
building immediately because it was
going to be targeted again the bodies of
the victims are still in the schoolyard
in a classroom and even in the
surrounding area until this moment no
one has been able to retrieve the bodies
from inside the
school a number of strikes on the score
at the moment after the first strike the
Israeli aircraft have raided the school
again
another strike on the same
location we spoke to Israeli
intelligence after the last strike and
we've secured our entry to retrieve the
engine now we're approaching the school
where the massacre took place and which
remains completely destroyed we are
talking about a series of strikes now
bodies are everywhere and the Medics are
retrieving the bodies and the parts
everywhere this is a big Massacre
the school has been entirely destroyed
the rescue efforts are continuous and
ongoing the following Massacre on these
internally displaced people and these
children women in the hamama school in
shik radwan in central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer